 

Vol. 122, No. 3, 1984 BIOCHEMICAL AND BIOPHYSICAL RESEARCH COMMUNICATIONS
August 16, 1984 Pages 949-956

EVIDENCE FOR A SIMILAR RECEPTOR SITE FOR BINDING OP {2t) LEUKOTRIENE Eg AND
(Cin) LEUKOTRIENE Dg TO THE GUINEA-PIG CRUDE LUNG ¥ENBRANE

John B. Cheng and Robert G. Townley

Allersic Disease Center and the Departnente of Medicine and Pharmacology,
Creighton Univeresty, Omaha, Mebracka €6176

Received June 8, 1984

qo determine whether the action of Leukotziene By is mediated by ite cross
rgaction with Lankoteiee Dy receptor sites, we compared {il eikottiene Ly and
{lu eukotriene bg binding activities in selected tiezves oa well as thete
competition results in the guinea-pig crlse lung membrane. We denonstrnted
008 correlation of Suyieuketriene By and (2H) leukoteiene Dy binding
activities among the tissues ctudted. A significant correlation vat
damonstrated between the ability of leukotriene C4, Dy and Eq, PFL-SS112 and
arachidonic acid to inhibit ung (Gu}leuxoteiete 2g and [HI Leikotrione be
binding. “‘Tese correlations suggest that Leukotsiene Bt binds to's site unicd
fe siaiiar to or close to the Laikotrine Dy receptor,

teukotriene (Lt) kg produces potent contraction of isolated guinea-pig

peripheral airways (1-3) despite its inability to induce uterine and vascular
smooth muscle response (4-5). The reason for the potent effect of LTEy on the
atxways is unclear, but could be the result of: 1) its interaction at lung
mC receptors; 2) its cross reaction with long Lt, receptors, and /or 3) ite
@irect binding to a distinct umm receptor site. ‘To First possibility seens
unlikely since Uf54 is relatively ineffective in competing with (3k) Lrcy for
Ur, Feceptor sites in homogenates of lung (6-8), brain (8) and a snooth mscle

Cell Line (9). 76 determine whether UPEy binding features ace compatibie with

its cross reaction with the Urby receptor, we used H]ETEy and (Px)LID4 to

assess the binding activity in selected tissues and the abitity of several
‘agents to inhibit binding of both radioligands in the guinea-pig crude tung

nesbrane.

emtons

Sources and Preparations of Chenicais: synthetic LTB4, LICy, LIDg and LEy
were gifts from Dr. J Rokach (Werck Frosst Canada, Ine‘). FAL~S5742 wes trod
Dr. RC, Murphy (Univ. of Colorado at Denver). Arachidonic acid and Lecocine

Abbreriations: UR, ledkolrleney AA, arachidonic acid; GP, Guinea Pig.

006-291%/84 $1.50,
Copsright © 1984 by Academie Pres, Ine,
949 All righ of reproduction in as form reserved.

 

 
