Attachment 11

EFFECTS OF TUMOR NECROSIS FACTOR-c ON RAT TRACHEAL,
EPITHELIAL CELLS.

‘Th, Bader and P. Nettesheim

Laboratory of Pulmonary Pathobiology, NIEHS, Research Triangle Park, NC
WI USA.

The epithelium of the conductive airways are frequently target of toxic
chemical and microblal agents causing inflammation, hypersecretion anc
epithelial necrosis. There is increasing evidence thet the epithelium itself
plays an active role in this process by secreting a variety of peptide and li
mediators of inflammation. TNF-a is a prototypical inflammatory cytokine
released by macrophages and other inflammatory calis| The purpose of this
studies was to determine the effects of TNF-a on fully differentiated rat
trachea! epithelial (RTE) cells in culture. We examined 1) whether RTE cells
express TNF-« receptors, 2) whether exposure to TNF-a causes cytotoxicity 3)
whether TNF-a induces TNF-a expression and 4) whether it activates the
arachidonic acid cascade and §) whether TNF-a exposure affects production
and secretion of mucus. We found that RTE cell cultures express TNF-c.
receptor CD120a and b transcripts and CD120a protein. ‘Treatment of the
cultures with TNF-« (500 U/ml, 24 hrs) significantly reduced CD120a levels
but was nontoxic as determined by LDH release. RTE calls expressed low
levels of TNF-« message a5 determined by RT-PCR which appeared to be
elevated after TNF-« treatment. TNF-c increased cPLA2 mRNA and caused.
significant increases in PGB2 release. Mucus secretion was elevated after
‘TNF-a treatment and showed a biphasic dose-response.

 

  

  

   

 

OSEPECISOS
