APPENDIX F

Article by Mariella Bertucelli published in 11 Tirreno
THE REVENGE OF NICOTINE
Beneficial psychosomatic effects: an English study

Reading (England) - In order to listen to what might be the
only favourable voice in the chorus of the anti-smokers, one
has to arrive here in this little town on the Thames. The
man would could become the guardian angel of an army of
harassed smokers is called David Warburton.

In his laboratories, Professor Warburton of the Reading
University has been studying for years the effects. of the
substance "nicotine" on mental activities and has reached
conclusions which contradict the surveys which in the United
States relegate smokers to the lower levels of social class.

According to Warburton, smokers are ambitious, curious and
persevering people who use nicotine to better their
Performances and their state of well-being. In this respect,
the tests are quite clear: it only takes one "puff" to
increase substantially the possibilities of success and the
reaction time to graphic and mathematical problems which
appear on the computer screen. The diagrams show that those
who have not absorbed nicotine or smoked a cigarette
"placebo" without nicotine, have a definitive breakdown of
attention; those who smoke while exposed to the test have on
the contrary quicker reactions and a higher concentration
which increases as the level of nicotine rises. The higher
the nicotine level, the better the response. It is useless,
however, to increase that level over a certain threshold: it
is accepted that the "useful" nicotine is of 10 nanograms
for 1000 liters of blood. The same test used nicotine
chewing gum with the same results but slower.

The 1400 university students who took part in the research
were also subjected to other tests. Warburton's team
examined the results of the students’ exams per exam and on
the whole, to reach the conclusion that all the students who
‘smoke have had better results during the course of the
academic year and are notably more motivated than the others
in their studies and in their career.

According to Warburton, people who smoke do it to control
their own mental and psychological state. Some smoke to calm
themselves, others to work better or for both reasons. In
fact, nicotine has a dual function of relaxation and
stimulation comparable only to the effects of sexual
activity. Tobacco increases the peaks of concentration, as
caffeine or amphetamines but without provoking the anxiety
which derives from the absorption of these two substances.
It provokes the same state of relaxation as marijuana or
Valium but stimulates attention at the same time- It has an

250120490?

 
