The Associated Press - March 7, 1962

London -- A committee from Britain's Royal College of Surgeons reported
today after a tvo-year study that cigarette smoking may be a contributing
cause of death from a mmber of diseases besides lung cancer.

The nine physicians studied thousands of case histories and examined more
than 200 other medical inquiries into smoking. Some of the conclusions
Leaked out several weeks ago but the full 70-page report was not made
Public until today.

Here are some of the findings:

Cigarette smoking is the most likely cause of the recent world-wide
increase in deaths from lung cancer.

‘The habit probably increases the risk of death from coronary heart disease,
particularly in early middle age.

It may be particularly responsible for tuberculosis deaths among elderly
men.

Smoking may be @ contributory factor in cancer of the mouth, pharynx,
esophagus and bladder.

It may be a reason for the increased mortality from peptic ulcers.
It is en important predisposing cause in development of chronic bronchitis.

The report acknowledged that smoking may have psychological and social
denefits.

It confirmed findings of other medical groups that pipes and cigars are
less dangerous than cigarettes, probably because the cigarette smoker
inhales far more.

 

The committee suggested that for health's sake the government should boost
taxes on cigarettes and lower them on cigars and pipe tobacco.

T2PEPOLOOT

It also had a tip for cigarette smokers who cen't quit. ‘Throw avay 2
cigerette when it 1s half smoked because the unburned portion filters
out most of the injurious matter.

Sir Robert Platt, the chairman, told the news conference that 20,000 men
in Britain died of lung cancer last year, and that deaths among wonen,
3,000 in 1961, are increasing.

“It's the cigarette smoker who gets cancer of the lung,” Sir Robert said.
“These facts ere unpleasant and are unpalatable, but they are facts."

The British Tobacco Manufacturers’ Standing Comittee promptly issued a
statement saying it has cooperated with medical and scientific authorities
in studying the relationship between health and smoking.

(more)

 

     

 
