PHILIP MORRIS AB.

Translation

 

ya Norrlandl, Sweden
29.12.1977 _

Labor Unions Agree:

Do not Put _a Ban on Tobacco Advertising

Do not put a ban on tobacco advertising! This
would just promote our foreign competitors. Above
this it is now proved that people do not smoke
less when advertising’ ceases to exist.

These facts are stated by the four labour uni-
ons representing the employers within the STA.

In a letter to all members of the Parliament they
give their opinion on the “to be or not to be" of
the tobacco advertising in Sweden.

This letter is, among others, signed by Lennart
Kallstrém, Harnésand, who is’a representative of
the Swedish Food Labor Union - the biggest labor
union within the STA.

A lot of people believe that advertising makes
people smoke more and that a prohibition of to-
bacco ads willl lower the consumption, it says in
the letter.

Not _less

That is wrong! Italy and Norway have already
put a ban on advertising and by studying the de-
velopment in these countries we will find only
one thing: imported cigarettes take the market
from the domestic ones. People donot smoke less
at all.

 

We cannot accept laws that only would strike
against the Swedish state owned company and by
this deprive us of employment chances, state the
four different labor unions, which have signed
the letter.

S8Sszerz0z
