 

Experts on Both Sides

 

it”

02

Doctors’ Testimony Conflicts
In Dade Lung Cancer Trial

By ARTHUR JOHNSEY

‘The conflict of expert medi-
cal testimony over causes of
Jung cancer began Tuesday in
Miami federal court a8 the
‘American Tobacco Company,
‘defendant in a damage sult
offered its frst witne

‘A University of Flori
amacologist, Dr. Thomas
told the jury that retention of
arsenic in. the body, when in-
troduced in the blood. stream

 

   

 

‘causes of cancer.

As. witnesses called by the!
Gelendant tobacco - company,
their testimony tended to\con-
tradict a series of witnesses
offered by the estate of the
late Edwin M. Green, Coconut
Grove swimming pool contrac.
tor.

Green's estate is attempting,
to prove heavy smoking of cl
arets over more than 25 years
‘enused his lung cancer.

Before completing Its case
Monday, the plalntlit had of

 

Attect the lungs.

‘The plaintitt contended ar.
senie could be a factor, acting
with other substances in ciga-
Fel tars, to cause cancer.

Dr. Marea said, however, that

weet

arsenic accumulates over the
years in the body in very small
laces and "in very small
Amouats 40 that Its effect is
negligible,

‘Virtually all arsenic Is ex-

 

"he wal

‘There was “not the slightest
evidence.” he

had arsenic poisoning before his
death, .

‘The Green's attorney” pro-|
tested the witness! answer,
pointing out that there was no
{contention that poisoning from
farsenie had occurred.

‘Asked on -ercss-examination
whether arsenic hasa't been“
criminated” asa factor in
[causing cancer, Dr. Maren ree
torted:

"Ite been implied — chiet=
ly by, one man who had no
proof.”

Dr. day Fulpee, « pract
‘Mara physitnn, Co the
‘causes ‘of lune cancer aren't
Known By any on

He cast doubt on the place

 

 

   

  

 

 

sdded, that Green| described,

fot origin of the cancer that
caused Edwin Green's death,
testifying «at without an au:
topsy it was not possible to de-
termine whether’ a growth In
the apex of his left tung
spread to the right side of the
ineck as had been indicated in
‘earlier testimony. Dr. Flipse
testifiea it as “extremely une
usual” if the eancer spread as

 

 

Defense testimony was ex-
pected to continue through
‘Thursday.

THE MIAME HERALD
Miami, Florida
July 27, 1960

‘THE MIAME HERALD
Miani, Florida
20-A

Suly 28, 1960

Doubt Cast
On Cancer
Theories

By ARTHUR SOHNSEY
ars Sta Weer

A federal court. jury heard
further ‘medical testimony
Wednesday casting doubt on
theories that heavy cigaret
smoking is a cause of lung ean-

A Texas scientist testified he
and his associates have tried
for several. years to. produce
cancer by use of tobacco tars
Jn the lung of @ duck but no
cancer has been produced,

Dr, RH. Rigdon, staff mem=
ber of the University of Texas
at Galveston, took the stand
2s 4 witness for the American
Tobaceo Co.

 

“The company is defending ite
seit n'a damage suit based on
claims that lung cancer caused
by ‘heavy smoking of Lucky
Strike eigarets brougfit on the
eath of Edwin M. Green,

‘On cross-examination Dr.
Rigdon said his reeeacch In part
nad been. financed by. funds
‘made available to the Univer
sity of Texas by the American
Tobacco Institute.

‘Another witness cast doubt
fon the statements of witnesses
{or the Edwin M. Green estate,
Dlainttts in the damage sult,
that the -cancer that caused
his death originated in the ling.

De. Duane Carr, of the Unic
versity of Tennessee Medical
‘School, “Memphis, said hed
never seen a cancer in the le(t
Upper lobp spread to the spot
fon the right side, below ‘the
neck, where Green's fatal cane
eee lodged

10050351007 ) :

 
