 

FIELD
SALES
NOTIC tien rorsytne

TO: ALL DEPARTMENT AND REGION MANAGERS

NEW BATTLE KIT ITEMS

New Battle Kit items for VICEROY and BARCLAY are now
avatlable far requisition. We are enclosing a supply of
Battle pages for you to distribute to Managers who will
be using these items. Your current department
allocations are also enclosed.

VICEROY and VICEROY RICH LIGHTS Mugs

‘The YICEROY and VICERUY RICH LIGHIS Mugs are again
availeble for use. Because of the problem of these nugs
cracking when used with hot 1iquids, we will be
Gisalaying them with closure strips’ that read "Free -
Cold Beverage Mug with purchase of 2 packs - not to be
used with hot beverages." A sunburst reading "Free Cold
Beverage Mug" is also to be used. ‘It is imperetive that
these Closure strips enc sunbursts be used when
Gisolaying the mugs. When recuisitioning the mugs
Please requisition enough closure seals and sunbursts to
cover possible display commitments. It is extremely
important that these guidelines De communicates to your
Sales Reps.

Because of a lack of promotional support for the VICEROY
Family, these mugé should be used to correct
Gistribution maintenance problems.

BARSLAY Menthol Buy One, Enjoy One Free Sleeves

BARCLAY Menthol Buy One, Enjoy One Free Sleeves have
been developed to help you gain or maintain distribution
on SARCLAY Menthol Kings and 1UuQ's.

We are providing you with expense reporting procedures
on a separate page so that you can make copies for your
Sales Reps.

#0SN-19)
7/9/82

 
     

422029029
